Netskope: add documentation (#764)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/cloud_and_saas/netskope_events.md

uuid: de9ca004-991e-4f5c-89c5-e075f3fb3216
name: Netskope Events
type: Intake

## Overview

> [Netskope](https://www.netskope.com/) is a cybersecurity company, providing solutions to protect data in cloud apps and network security applying zero trust principles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Netskope](https://www.netskope.com/) is a cybersecurity company that provides solutions to protect data in cloud apps and network security while applying zero trust principles.
```

> This integration will collect events from your netskope's tenant to monitor authentications and activities to your Cloud applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration will collect events from your netskope's tenant to monitor authentications and activities in your Cloud applications.
```

!!! warning

>     This format is still in beta. Use it wisely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This format is still in beta, please se it wisely.
```

{!_shared_content/operations_center/detection/generated/suggested_rules_de9ca004-991e-4f5c-89c5-e075f3fb3216_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/netskope-events_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

## Configure

This setup guide will lead you into forwarding netskope's events to SEKOIA.IO.

### Generate API token

Please follow [this guide](https://docs.netskope.com/en/rest-api-v2-overview-312207.html) to create an API token.

### Create the intake in SEKOIA.IO

Go to the [intake page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes) and create a new intake from the format `Netskope events`. Copy the intake key.

### Pull events

To start to pull events, you have to: 

1. Go to the [playbooks page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/playbooks) and create a new playbook with the [Fetch new events from Netskope](../../../automate/library/netskope.md) trigger

> 2. Set up the module configuration with the base url of your netskope instance. Set up the trigger configuration with the API token and the intake key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up the module configuration with the base URL of your Netskope instance. Set up the trigger configuration with the API token and the intake key
```
